doc(uiTranslate): Explain how to translate a string in javascript exp… (#634)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/multi-language-pages.md

The strings to translate in a fragment must be added to the localization.json file of each page, layout or form using the fragment.

<a id="uiTranslate"/>

> ### Translate content in Javascript Expression variable

Reviewer: ### Translate content in Javascript Expression variable
```suggestion
### Translate content in variables of type JavaScript Expression
```

> In Javascript Expression, use **uiTranslate()** function to translate the strings withing, you can find this function with Autocompletion (_ctrl+space_) service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To translate the strings of JavaScript Expressions, use the function **uiTranslate()**.
This is available in the expression editor, in the Autocompletion (_ctrl+space_) service.
```

> This gives the opportunity to get such strings available for translation in the _localization.json_ asset of the UI Designer artifact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This gives the opportunity to get such strings available for translation in the _localization.json_ asset of the UI Designer artifact. You still need to copy the strings in your expressions and paste them in the  _localization.json_ asset.
```
